Adding example of manually setting up NGINX Ingress (#699)
ray-project/kuberay: docs/guidance/ingress.md

* KubeRay built-in ingress support: KubeRay will help users create a Kubernetes ingress when `spec.headGroupSpec.enableIngress: true`. Currently, the built-in support only supports simple NGINX setups. Note that users still need to install ingress controller by themselves. **We do not recommend using built-in ingress support in a production environment with complex routing requirements.**
  * [Example: NGINX Ingress on KinD (built-in ingress support)](#example-nginx-ingress-on-kind-built-in-ingress-support)

* Manually setting up an ingress with NGINX:

>   * [Example: Manually setting up NGINX Ingress on KinD](#example-manually-setting-up-nginx-ingress-on-kind)

Reviewer: Move this line under "Example: AWS Application Load Balancer (ALB) ...".

#               will report "404 Not Found".
```

### Example: Manually setting up NGINX Ingress on KinD
```sh
# Step 1: Create a KinD cluster with `extraPortMappings` and `node-labels`
cat <<EOF | kind create cluster --config=-
kind: Cluster
apiVersion: kind.x-k8s.io/v1alpha4
nodes:
- role: control-plane
  kubeadmConfigPatches:
  - |
    kind: InitConfiguration
    nodeRegistration:
      kubeletExtraArgs:
        node-labels: "ingress-ready=true"
  extraPortMappings:
  - containerPort: 80
    hostPort: 80
    protocol: TCP
  - containerPort: 443
    hostPort: 443
    protocol: TCP
EOF

# Step 2: Install NGINX ingress controller
kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx/main/deploy/static/provider/kind/deploy.yaml
kubectl wait --namespace ingress-nginx \
  --for=condition=ready pod \
  --selector=app.kubernetes.io/component=controller \
  --timeout=90s

# Step 3: Install KubeRay operator
pushd helm-chart/kuberay-operator
helm install kuberay-operator .

# Step 4: Install RayCluster and create an ingress separately. 

> popd

Reviewer: Please teach users how to modify the YAML file both in this doc and `ray-cluster.separate-ingress.yaml`. For example, "...backend.service.name" should be the same as head service.

kubectl apply -f ray-operator/config/samples/ray-cluster.separate-ingress.yaml

# Step 5: Check ingress created by Step 4.
kubectl describe ingress raycluster-ingress-head-ingress

# [Example]
# ...
# Rules:
# Host        Path  Backends
# ----        ----  --------
# *
#             /raycluster-ingress/(.*)   raycluster-ingress-head-svc:8265 (10.244.0.11:8265)
# Annotations:  nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/rewrite-target: /$1

# Step 6: Check `<ip>/raycluster-ingress/` on your browser. You will see the Ray Dashboard.
#        [Note] The forward slash at the end of the address is necessary. `<ip>/raycluster-ingress`
#               will report "404 Not Found".
```

> 

Reviewer: Add the link (https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/docs/user/ingress/) in both the PR description and `ingress.md` to help users resolve issues by themselves.

kubectl delete ingress ray-cluster-ingress
```

### Example: Manually setting up NGINX Ingress on KinD
```sh
# Step 1: Create a KinD cluster with `extraPortMappings` and `node-labels`
# Reference for the setting up of kind cluster: https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/docs/user/ingress/
cat <<EOF | kind create cluster --config=-
kind: Cluster
apiVersion: kind.x-k8s.io/v1alpha4
nodes:
- role: control-plane
  kubeadmConfigPatches:
  - |
    kind: InitConfiguration
    nodeRegistration:
      kubeletExtraArgs:
        node-labels: "ingress-ready=true"
  extraPortMappings:
  - containerPort: 80
    hostPort: 80
    protocol: TCP
  - containerPort: 443
    hostPort: 443
    protocol: TCP
EOF

# Step 2: Install NGINX ingress controller
kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx/main/deploy/static/provider/kind/deploy.yaml
kubectl wait --namespace ingress-nginx \
  --for=condition=ready pod \
  --selector=app.kubernetes.io/component=controller \
  --timeout=90s

# Step 3: Install KubeRay operator
pushd helm-chart/kuberay-operator
helm install kuberay-operator .
popd

# Step 4: Install RayCluster and create an ingress separately. 

> # If you want to change the setting of ingress, you can edit the ingress portion in 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# If you want to change ingress settings, you can edit the ingress portion in 
```

# `ray-operator/config/samples/ray-cluster.separate-ingress.yaml`.
# More information about change of setting was documented in https://github.com/ray-project/kuberay/pull/699 
# and `ray-operator/config/samples/ray-cluster.separate-ingress.yaml`
kubectl apply -f ray-operator/config/samples/ray-cluster.separate-ingress.yaml

> # Step 5: Check ingress created by Step 4.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Step 5: Check the ingress created in Step 4.
```
